This is log of why I did things a certain way or changed things.

6/20/2023
    - Changed the database to SQL Server because it is what I am most familiar with.
        - the to_sql method is conveinet for this project as I am primairly focused
          on the Streamlit aspect of this proejct.  I really want to display the data
          in a user friendly way and test readding and inserting/updating data with 
          Streamlit.  The data and table schema are therefore not as important to me
          or this.
          That being said I think to_sql is conveient but I don't think I would use it for
          projects with real data, unless the data was very simple.  It uses real data types
          and maxamizes the precsion for all columns, which I don't think is a practical way
          of creating tables.  That being said, I'm not completely familiar with to_sql and 
          I'll have to use it more.
    - Changed the number of rows to 1 million rows.  I just wanted more data to play with.  
      If necessary I'll reduce the number of rows in the future but it shouldn't be a problem.
      I also wanted to sww how long it took to insert the data, which has been consistently 
      just over 2 minutes.  Going forward or maybe even for this project I will switch from pandas
      to polars which should increase speed.
    - The data has nulls for some SoldDate values and a I realized that the SoldPrice for those dates 
      should also be null.  I plan to correct this, however as stated the data is not the most important
      part of the project as I am more interested in the functionality of Streamlit.


    - IMPORTANT : If using windows streamlit has to be run through ANACONDA.  I found that using it
      without ANACONDA causes errors such as the app not stopping properly when hitting CTRL + C and
      some attributes, such as data_editor or st.cache_resource not executing at all.  Start the environment from ANACONDA.


  6/24/2023
    - Tried using streamlit with pipenv to see if i could get away with not having to use ANACONDA.
      Got the same error where components of streamlit are not installing prperply for some reason.
      Specifically altair is not being installed properly and casuing the whole thing to crash.  will
      try to see if streamlit will somehow work without ANACONDA, a;though it isn't a problem for me
      with my personal proejcts.

    - Changed amount of data back to 100 because testing functionality is easier with less data, which should have
      been obvious to me but hindsight is 20/20.

    - Divided the App into pages.  The data_editor for streamlit does allow for adding rows, however retuning
      which rows are new and which are updated wasn't as stragihtforward as hopeed.  Then again I made a page
      with an insert form on a seperate page which from a user perspective is probably the better option.  You
      need to scroll to the bottom of the table when using the data_editor to add a new row which could get 
      annoying as data gets larger.  Also the from is jsut mroe stragihtforward and simple.  The data_editor
      will still be used, but now I will use it just to view and update data.  The ability to add new rows in
      the table will be disabled.  The plan for the home page is to now make it an overall dashboard with some
      metrics and charts.  

    - Also ned to figure out how many rows the data_editor can manage.  1,000,000 was too much and realistically
      you're not going to view that much data at a time. however, I was to see if there is a way to search the
      table by ID or something and return the appropriate rows.

  6/26/2023
    - Finished intial phase on the project.  Both the insert and update functions work.  Insert only inserts one
      row at a time right now, which I'd like to change to insert multiple.
    
    - The data_editor works to update data,and column can be sorted in alphabetical and/or incresing/decreasing values.
      However, I want to figure outa way to add the ability to filter and search the rows in the data_editor, especially
      for larger amounts of data.I don't know if it's possible to do so with the data_editor right now as I believe it
      is a relatively newfeature in streamlit.  I did a quick google search and found that AgGrid is apparently
      compatible with streamlit,so I will most likely repalce the data_editor with AgGrid.  That should also give
      me some pivotting features.The update function is working though so I hope that I won't have to change that if I
      switch to AgGrid.
      
    - Some meterics and a plotly grpah have been added to the main page to show some possible analysis with
      streamlit.  I'm not working with much data so there aren't much metrics/charts I could think to make right now,
      but the functionality shows, which is what I'm most concerned with.  THough I may add a couple more metrics/charts 
      and try to stylize them.